Try F#======[F# Cheat Sheet](http://dungpa.github.io/fsharp-cheatsheet/)We are going to use F# to draw 3D shapes, starting with a simple cube and ending up reading a json feed and drawing the shapes specified in there.  Along the way we'll see how to define and pass functions as parameters, the pipe operator, type inference, tuples, define discriminated unions, pattern match, use higher order functions, compose functions and use type providers.Functions to draw shapes on screen are provided and are TryFs,cuboid, TryFs.cube, TryFs.cone and TryFs.cylinder.## 1 Define a Function ##Firstly we need a function that will do our drawing - suggest it is called draw and it should take no parameters.  Each of the TryFs.* drawing functions will return a Drawing3D instance so your function will just need to call one of those and pass the result to TryFs.showIt.  For instance``` fsharplet draw = TryFs.showIt (TryFs.cube 0. 0. 0. 1. Color.Red)```When this function is called the shape should be drawn in a window.## 2 Pipe Operator ##Now change the way the shape is passed to the showIt function to use the |> (forward pipe) operator.## 3 Add Function Parameters ##Now add x, y and z parameters to the draw function and pass them to the shape creation function as the first three parameters.  You shouldn't need to give the parameters types in the definition as type inference will work out that they are floats from their usage. ## 4 Define a Discriminated Union ##Define a Discriminated Union type called Shape and is made up of the shapes we are able to draw - Cuboid, Cube, Cone and Cylinder.## 5 Pattern Matching ##Add another parameter to your draw function - this one will define which shape is going to be drawn and will be the discriminated union type defined above.Add a simple pattern match for each type of shape and draw the correct one.## 6 Add values to the Discriminated Union ##Now add dimensions for each shape to the discriminated union - so, for instance a cylinder would be defined like this:``` fsharpCylinder (3.0, 1.0)```and use the values in the pattern match to draw shapes with the dimensions that were passed in.## 7 Add record type ##Add a record type that defines the shape, the coordinates and a colour.  Make the coordinates a tuple of float * float * float.  Replace the current parameters of the draw function with a single one of this record type.## 8 Make coordinates an Option ##Change the definition of the record type so that the coordinates tuple is an option type and pass a function to the draw function that will take an option of the coordinates tuple and return either the coordinates - when there are some - or a default position if the coordinates are None. ## 9 Draw a list of shapes ##Change the draw function to take a list of shape definition records and show them all.  To do this rather than passing each individual Drawing3D instance to the TryFs.showIt function you will need to pass a list of Drawing3D instances to the TryFs.showEm function.  Take a look at the List.map function to do this.## 10 Compose a new function ##Add a function that will take the coordinates as a float * float * float tuple and change the position of the shape up and to the left by, say, 0.5.  Use the >> operator to compose a new function made up of the function currently being passed into the draw function and this new one and pass this new function into draw.## 11 Read shapes from json feed ##Use the [json type provider](http://fsharp.github.io/FSharp.Data/library/JsonProvider.html) to read shape definitions from the shapes.json file and create a list of shape records to pass into the draw function.